Nini, I know you don't believe me right now
But I'll show you my heart
Let's go
Sure enough, Mr. Ba
Looking at me, I'm still a little moved
Shall I ask about the engagement?
Maybe there is a misunderstanding.
How is the monitoring recovery of Langting Club?
50% restored
After recovery
Find that woman and go to bed
solve
Gu Yunting really won't let me and my child go
No, I have to run away when I make enough money
Jiaojiao, if I hadn't taken care of this for you today
My aunt must know it was you who did it
You can't be so willful in the future
I just hate Jiang Yining
Mom, get him away
Jiang Yining, what's wrong with you?
He's fine. He's a kid.
Since you like Jiang Yun so much
Then you can let Jiang Yun be your daughter
I'm going to take this birthmark home right now.
What are you doing back at the orphanage?
I grew up in an orphanage anyway
No mother loves me anymore
What are you doing?
please
I'm sorry to make you lose the steamed bread once.
Never again
Then marry you
I'll send him to the branch later.
How nice of you!
You're about to get engaged
Never let the story know your little moves